alright guys it's that time again we're
gonna have a look at a brand new series
of custom qck cloth gaming mouse pads
from steel series so as with every
seemingly Blizzard game release steel
series has launched a new series of qck
mouse pads so we have three different
ones I'm only gonna unbox one because
once you've seen one mouse pad and
you've seen the graphic on it you've
kind of seen them all so we've got three
we've got the worgen Edition which is
like a wolf thing that I'm not actually
that familiar with Morgan's but goblins
I have a little bit less trouble with so
we have a goblin one so he's holding
like kind of a green dagger thing he
looks all cunning and goblin like and
then we also have and this is probably
by far gonna be the most popular one the
Deathwing edition so that's Deathwing
I've been playing Warcraft since
Warcraft 2 and even Warcraft 2 had death
wing I believe that was when that
character was introduced and he was he
was pretty wicked back then you had what
Kurgan and sky reaiiy think was the the
Griffin rider hero unit that you had in
the mission where you have to kill death
wing and remember death wing being like
pretty pretty crazy hard to kill so
there you go that's my experience with
definitely so I'm just gonna open it up
and I'll be back in a moment actually
yea I've forgotten my chest tripod there
so I had to have to get that sorted out
alright so the way we open this is the
usual way we open up SteelSeries most
paths which is to break this seal right
here it's an outside and pour the most
pad out the other side actually like the
packaging on the most pads it's kind of
clever you see the mousing surface holds
it all in place pretty well so you can
see it's got some flex to it because
this is a cloth mousepad so it has
included with it a little SteelSeries
professional gaming gear product guide
thing which I'm about to discover I
think ironically does
not include the Wow mouse danke oh wait
there it is all of us the old wall mouse
old wall mouths an old Wrath of the Lich
King mousepad so that's that bad sis
that's a shame that's a shame but you
know what I'm gonna do for you guys
you've also got a sticker I'm going to
show you the new Wow Mouse with the new
updated Cataclysm mouse pads so here is
the Cataclysm Mouse posing on the off
man cords pulling all the wrong way they
don't stay in the right spot there we go
so there is the new Cataclysm Mouse
posing on the new Cataclysm mousepad so
there you have it there's your
SteelSeries logo there there's your
World of Warcraft Cataclysm logo because
Blizzard will not license anything and
see this is a licensed Blizzard product
unless it has a nice big World of
Warcraft logo on it which makes a lot of
sense because they spend a lot of money
developing that brand ok so then there's
uh okay there's definitely himself he's
looking kind of fat you know it's
looking kind of like big in the middle
maybe Deathwing is actually a she and
you know maybe she's expecting I'm
having trouble focusing right now here
though which is a bit of a problem give
me a sec so when I said I was having
trouble focusing I didn't mean like on
my video content I meant I think I had
some dust on the lens and so yes there
it is so there's there's the well mouse
get that from all angles sort of what
it'll look like on the World of Warcraft
mousepad yeah I don't think I'm really
going anywhere else with this okay you
know why here why don't why don't why
don't I at least show you guys what the
wild mouse will look like on the other
World of Warcraft mouse pads so you can
sort of judge for yourself you know what
what goes best with it okay so there's
the Goblin one okay so we've got a green
remember you can adjust the lighting
inside the mouse to whatever color you
want so I would definitely recommend if
you get the worgen one you adjust it to
like a nice blue glow and then if you
get the goblin one adjust it to a to a a
green glow and if you get death weighing
all that it's gotta be a red glow it's
red glow just like just like this
actually just like the box go for that
one and it'll match the definitely one
person perfectly so thanks for checking
out my unboxing above the world of
warcraft
Deathwing Edition qck mousepad I'm a big
fan of the qck I use a plain black one
for myself and it serves me quite well
over the last one k wow I guess I've had
it over a year so there you go
also don't forget to subscribe to Linus
tech tips from all unboxings reviews and
other computer and gaming related videos